[Documentation] Update SAM2 article (#9697)
cvat-ai/cvat: site/content/en/docs/enterprise/segment-anything-2-tracker.md

## Overview

Segment Anything 2 is a segmentation model that allows fast and precise selection of any object in videos or images.
SAM2 tracking is available in two implementations:

1. **Classic SAM2 Tracker (Annotation Action)**: Available for Enterprise self-hosted Basic/Premium deployments.
This is implemented as an annotation action using serverless functions and requires Nuclio deployment.

> 1. **AI Agent SAM2 Tracker**: Available for CVAT Online and Enterprise 2.42.0+ via auto-annotation (AA) functions

Reviewer: Shall we specify enterprise version here? The all documentation is anyway bound to the specific version.

that run on user-side agents. This brings SAM2 tracking capabilities to CVAT Online users who previously
couldn't access this feature.

For self-hosted enterprise customers using the classic implementation, it is strongly recommended
to deploy the model using a GPU. Although it is possible to use a CPU-based version,
it generally performs much slower and is suitable only for handling a single parallel request.
The AI agent variant runs on user hardware, providing flexibility for GPU usage without
server configuration requirements.

Unlike a regular tracking model, both SAM2 tracker implementations are designed to be applied
to existing objects (polygons and masks) to track them forward for a specified number of frames.

## Platform Availability and Deployment Options

The following table helps you choose the appropriate SAM2 tracking implementation based on your deployment:

| Feature | Classic SAM2 Tracker | AI Agent SAM2 Tracker |
| ------- | -------------------- | --------------------- |

> | **Platform** | Enterprise self-hosted Basic/Premium | CVAT Online + Enterprise 2.42.0+ |

Reviewer: In the patch you mean Enterprise by different terms:

- Enterprise self-hosted
- Enterprise self-hosted Basic/Premium
- Just Enterprise

Are there any reasons to write "self-hosted" or "Basic/Premium" when we are talking about Enterprise?

| **Implementation** | Serverless function (Nuclio) | Auto-annotation function + Agent |
| **Hardware** | Server-side GPU/CPU | User-side hardware |
| **Setup Complexity** | Requires Nuclio + Redis deployment | CLI registration + agent process |
| **Server Control Required** | Yes | No |
| **Isolation** | Shared server resources | Isolated user process |

## How to install

Choose the installation method based on your platform and deployment needs.

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

> The classic SAM2 Tracker (annotation action) is only available in the Enterprise self-hosted version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nuclio-based SAM2 Tracker (annotation action) is only available in the Enterprise self-hosted version.
```

The AI agent variant brings SAM2 tracking to CVAT Online and Enterprise 2.42.0+.
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

> The classic tracker requires the enhanced actions UI plugin, which is enabled by default.

Reviewer: Not sure "classic" is a suitable word here.

<img src="/images/sam2_tracker_run_shape_action_modal.png" style="max-width: 500px; padding: 16px;">

### Running the AI Agent SAM2 Tracker

Once you have registered the SAM2 AI agent and it's running,
you'll see **"AI Tracker: SAM2"** as an available action in the annotation UI for video shape tracking.

To use the AI agent tracker:

1. Create or open a CVAT task from a video file or video-like sequence of images
(all images must have the same dimensions)
1. Open one of the jobs from the task

> 1. Draw a mask or polygon shape around an object

Reviewer: It may be a polygon track, not only shapes. 

```suggestion
1. Draw a mask or polygon around an object
```
